minimal change to dashboard caching steps (#64052)
metabase/metabase: docs/configuring-metabase/caching.md

To set a caching policy for a dashboard, you must have [curate access](../permissions/collections.md#curate-access) to the dashboard's collection.

1. Go to your dashboard.

> 2. Click on the three dots icon in the top-right corner of the dashboard and choose **Edit settings**.
> 3. By default, each question will use the question or database default. Click the current Caching policy to change it.
> 4. Optional: to delete the cache for all questions on a dashboard, click **Clear cache for this dashboard** at the bottom.
> 5. Save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the **three dots** icon in the top-right corner of the dashboard and choose **Edit settings**.
3. By default, each question will use the database default caching settings. Click the current caching policy to change it.
4. Select the new [caching policy](#cache-invalidation-policies).
5. Optional: turn on [refresh cache automatically](#refresh-cache-automatically)
6. Optional: to clear the cache for all questions on a dashboard, click **Clear cache for this dashboard** at the bottom of the setting sidebar.
7. Save your changes.
```
